that's accumulated tends to be
infiltration so it's like you can't
really fault him that much for that but
he definitely has a lot of experience in
the matter this much of also plays into
a thread backer my these guys are not
strangers by any means send all the time
their own yes sometimes are gonna beat
our your very own friends and turbulence
yeah they know they know everything
about you sometimes don't have to be top
players guys they just know you that
well yeah hello every time far off doing
great today with keen open with chief
earlier flows you like missed it alright
alright put up front with grab said he
already has a man a slow that's three a
great 50-50 mix up coming out over and
over right now in a 10 done already OT
put max damage mom I like it that was
extremely strong coming out of the cage
Filipino chair staring at a daughter
like what are you doing Chris what
happened right there whoa even more well
sick normally it's definitely not as
easy for a boxer to get in Alma like
that but that one turn punch to started
the momentum see I think do flash off
completely ya heard punch and it's
already too late why would you do that
wow oh wow that was named Fayed advocate
he's gonna throw he has 20 a lot of he
shimmied on that gootecks that context
shimmy
Oh No who caused the support text it up
okay flashes her to start some matters
here yeah the vortex is like this entire
match of the second that boxers on the
ground he has to walk and this happened
this is what is not to be bad this
matchup is really hard exactly for that
reason because boxers head but almost
never works and it you just feel like
you're always stuck in that vortex it's
more what I hope I hit him right exactly
and it like that the risk reward is just
not in boxers paper but i love the jab
into super i wonder if he was trying to
actually jab stutter step and got the
super on accident you know that's really
hard to do on reaction you might have
done that I'll spell you might want to
take that with while you could cuz
knockout is dead maybe flash now has
full feature analed or meter and
Oklahoma Mitra that makes no sense p
kilometer and ultra that butter stick
rides nice and greasing right now i mean
in this situation beyond trocken just
sit down I like how he's still working
to the goal I was gonna say don't turn
punch and did this why and then a big
mistake there was that turn punches like
the slowest punch you could have used oh
it's out gets out the head butt and
headbutt uncharacteristically a glass
shake his head like why would you hit
but right there right exactly I was like
why did I head but that never works but
it's it but it did and really for all
you really that's the only situation
hippo wouldn't work because flash guy
kicked into the ground slide right who
wishes you almost never have a reason to
I love it alright switching the gang
comes good will we ever see all the
flashes characters I don't know oh I
don't think I've ready all right get set
up allowance
now the block / metro does have a deep
and I wonder why he doesn't feel just a
little Matt matchup if he doesn't think
he could play lame enough for the boxer
matchup because I know flash likes to
get in your face with people i right
because G frog Keef can be in the corner
of the whole time timing out and maybe
that's just not how flash wants to play
every death which is a grab okay as long
as you're just outside of sweet range
right anything within there is free
graph see those uncommon purpose to bait
him into a head but they're kind of an
unnecessary risk from a PR rocky had
doubled the life of flash Metroid right
there he was just really concerned about
that throw I still people are still
unaware of how to really spiked in it
people think that can is like this crazy
kind of novelty character but really
again falls back on some of the best
pokes in the game Julie this is just
your outs dead just extremely long range
and not that slow like the sweep yeah I
love games sweet they knocked out they
juggle you and there's dozens of them
very very technical carry out however
hard to get it against fireball
characters got one of the birth matchups
get a dealer yeah thank God he has that
ultra two games I have to jump here too
which sucks yeah I didn't have a choice
it's like I gotta jump in my stuff
that's really big damage either comes
from having super and ultra one or
having an amazing read without you two
exactly
this focus on working on flesh work
we've got to calm down with that tempers
to blow up real quick I like how we're
not seeing a lot at all out of fuel rod
right now it's kind of waiting it out I
think you kind of see what's up with
this getting here I mean I don't think
that pyaar Trog really has a ton of
respect four flashes ground game right
now he goes hey I don't think you're
going to be spacing this properly I can
whip on anything you throw out right now
I'm just going to sit here it looks like
question what kind of this fishing to
whatever yeah yeah flash wants Fiat
ragda throw something Matt want me to do
his pure Roth it but I mean we're only
32 seconds on the clock prlog does not
the wait that long for the road and like
I said is that part works up again he
has to jump in that's what cost what
else is he gonna do right it's really
difficult to close